Update tips-and-quirks.rst (IDFGH-10772) (#11986)
espressif/esp-idf: docs/en/api-guides/jtag-debugging/tips-and-quirks.rst

On startup, debugger is issuing sequence of commands to reset the chip and halt it at specific line of code. This sequence (shown below) is user defined to pick up at most convenient/appropriate line and start debugging.

> * ``set remote hardware-watchpoint-limit {IDF_TARGET_SOC_CPU_BREAKPOINTS_NUM}`` — Restrict GDB to using two hardware watchpoints supported by the chip, {IDF_TARGET_SOC_CPU_BREAKPOINTS_NUM} for {IDF_TARGET_NAME}. For more information see https://sourceware.org/gdb/onlinedocs/gdb/Remote-Configuration.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``set remote hardware-watchpoint-limit {IDF_TARGET_SOC_CPU_WATCHPOINTS_NUM}`` — Restrict GDB to using available hardware watchpoints supported by the chip, {IDF_TARGET_SOC_CPU_WATCHPOINTS_NUM} for {IDF_TARGET_NAME}. For more information see https://sourceware.org/gdb/onlinedocs/gdb/Remote-Configuration.html.
```
